# THE-IMPORTANCE-OF-VIDEO-CONTENT-ON-SOCIAL-MEDIA
Today, video content is king. Most brands are leveraging video content to grow their businesses and increase online reach, and it really works!  As social media has become more popular, brands need to stand out on social media platforms, and the only way to do that is to publish content that the audience finds valuable.  Why is video content so important for social media marketing?  Captures Attention:  Video is an effective marketing tool that captures immediate attention of your audience and has a high reach, too. It is a fantastic tool to hook your audience. Unlike long paragraphs.  Helps Brand Reach New Audiences:  On an average, people spend a lot of time watching videos online. Sharing your videos on social media platforms is an opportunity for brands to capture an audience which is hard to reach.  An Opportunity To Tell A Story:  Video gives the opportunity to brands to tell a story which helps to build an emotional connection. Communicating via story, your message can be engaging, entertaining and informative.  Good ROI:  Video content provides a good ROI, and that’s one of the biggest reasons why marketers prefer using video these days. The results of video content are improving at an impressive rate, along with our understanding of how to create video content that really speaks to those all-important target audiences.  Popular Across Channels:  Video has become very popular across all channels like LinkedIn, facebook, Instagram etc. Consumers look forward to engaging, entertaining content on social media and video is one of the most effective ways to deliver such content.  Gain Data About Customer Choice:  A video is a great tool for gaining data insights as when viewers watch a video for a few seconds, you can gather information about their choice, preference, likes, and dislikes. Those watch the entire video can be prospects and while others who left watching the video can be potential leads for your business. To know more: https://www.orangevideos.in/the-importance-of-video-content-on-social-media
